Adds an example of querying for the best model (#2313)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/search-syntax.rst

optional ``DESC`` or ``ASC`` value; the default is ``ASC``. The default ordering is to sort by 
``start_time DESC``, then ``run_id``.

> For example, to extract the best `active` run from experiment ID 0 by MAE, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, say you want to identify the best model for production deployment. You can use search to find the best `finished` run from experiment ID 0 by accuracy:
```

(was thinking it might actually be good to pass `ViewType.FINISHED` here & search across finished runs, because the likely use case for this is to find a model to deploy etc, so you may only want to include models from finished training runs)

.. code-block:: py

  from mlflow.tracking.client import MlflowClient
  from mlflow.entities import ViewType

>   run = MlflowClient().search_runs("0", "", ViewType.ACTIVE_ONLY, max_results=1, order_by=["metrics.mae DESC"])[0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  best_run = MlflowClient().search_runs(experiment_ids="0", filter_string="", run_view_type=ViewType.FINISHED, max_results=1, order_by=["metrics.mae DESC"])[0]
```

Just updating the example to pass FINISHED as the view type plus a random suggestion to use keyword arguments for clarity

I prefer using the fluent API here (which returns run info as a pandas DF) as
